Improve documentation on "Task Scheduler" (#165)
wearerequired/traduttore: docs/configuration.md

## Task Scheduler

Traduttore relies on WordPress' built-in cron functionality to schedule single events. The WordPress cron normally relies on users visiting your WordPress site in order to execute scheduled events.

> To make sure your events are executed on time, we suggest setting up system cron jobs that runs reliably every few minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure your events are executed on time, we suggest setting up a system cron job that runs reliably every few minutes.
```
